the view of my line of work has changed over time has me remembering when
I would watch, uh, military shows on TV. I think about how, uh,
the military was just so hard core and they were up in your face and
kind of negative. That's the way it was portrayed. What I feel now
is that the military is more like a family, Um, at least for me. Um,
you think about your family members who have challenges, who aren't
perfect, that you think about your motivating family members who want
to share everything. And they're they're just the sunshine in your
life. And that is the way I view this, this organization now, um,
as we as I As I go up the ranks, I realized that I am just I'm more
personable with sailors. I'm more personable with my officers and things
like that. It's not as hard core as it used to be. It Z. It's still
tough and challenging, but you're you're ableto thio. Take care
of people the way you see fit and not the way it's, um, done in. And,
uh, like a like a robotic way. Um, that's how I as you this organization,
the Navy now